c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\Hotel.dll.config
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\Hotel.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\Hotel.pdb
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\obj\Debug\Hotel.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\obj\Debug\Hotel.pdb
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\ru\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\obj\Debug\Hotel.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\extev\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hotel\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
